Fix some links (#1)
bridgecrewio/cdkgoat: .github/template.md

## Important notes

> * **Where to get help:** the [Bridgecrew Community Slack](https://slack.bridgecrew.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Where to get help:** the [Codified Security Community Slack](https://codifiedsecurity.slack.com/)
```
